# INFO3604_Project
ARK Developments 
Match My Interns was designed to aid the University of the West Indies’ (UWI) department of Computing and Information Technology (DCIT) lecturers by easing the workload and processes involved in matching ideal interns to potential companies for the Internship course. This website will allow students to register for the course, receive feedback on whether they were approved or denied. Students who qualify for this course and are chosen by a respective business will be allowed to communicate with staff members if they are accepted via a SlackBot as well as submit weekly reports. Furthermore, this website will also allow businesses to advertise internships and upload the requirements, business policies, weekly reports, and stipends. This information will then be automatically processed and used to match ideal students to the available positions which will then be presented to both DCIT and participating businesses. Additionally, DCIT will be allowed to enter deadlines for this course’s registration, view the list of companies and internship positions available and read weekly reports from both businesses and students. Match My Interns will reduce the workload for lecturers since they will no longer have to physically evaluate numerous applications each year and match eligible students. Lecturers will also no longer have to create Google forms to receive applications as the website will provide one central location for all the information to be entered and processed.

ARK Developments members' consist of Ayesha Moore, Kristen Thomas and Randy Deo. 
